## 📝 Homework
collapsed:: true
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2025-04-22 Tue 18:26:03]
:END:
	- DONE Period 1: Math
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2025-04-22 Tue 20:45:58]--[2025-04-22 Tue 20:46:01] =>  00:00:03
	  :END:
	- DONE Period 4: Presentation
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2025-04-22 Tue 20:46:04]--[2025-04-22 Tue 20:46:05] =>  00:00:01
	  :END:
	- DONE Period 5: Study for test
	- DONE Period 7: Nothing
	- DONE Period 8: Diary Of Anne Frank Response
	- **EXTRA:**
	  collapsed:: true
		- DONE BCA Placement Test
			- DONE Study
			- DONE Gather stuff for test
		- DONE Write email to kanna
- ##  ✏️ Summary
  collapsed:: true
	- Today was a good day with the exception of the "Eye Contact Game," which by the way, was made by ChatGPT. In my personal option, the game is pretty useless. We each go around the table making eye contact and have a "conversation." They're supposed to be meaningful but they're just artificial...... I would know. Personally, I wish we didn't have it. I get that Mom and Dad want to help, but if I wanted it I would have asked. As far as BCA goes, still stressed, but otherwise pretty good! 
	  
	  I'm currently reading *Educated* by *Tara Westover* and it's really good. I find its helping with empathy <cough> <cough>. I'm almost done though, so I have to go back to the library and find a good book. I'm still debating on whether I should finish the Loop triology. The other book was good, minus the fact that half the characters died.
	  
	  As far as school goes, it's pretty good. We started playing football in gym. I suck as usual, but Leon and Nirvaan are on my team, so that's a plus. Today we played against purple and I paired up with Liam. Only made his life easier! Math is pretty good to. We had an assembly on suicide, during period one AGAIN. Thankfully, Ayaansh told Mrs. Buchar and I don't think she got that annoyed. We are currently on completing the square and drawing circles.
	  
	  For Mega Six, we finished all six chapter!